Reorganize golang code and clean up old code (#8970)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/index.md

new Google Compute Engine [custom image](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images) with required dependencies. You
can use the new image to provision virtual machine (VM) instances with all dependencies already installed.

[gardener-rotate](/cmd/gardener-rotate/README.md) - The gardener-rotate tool allows you to generate a new access token
for the Gardener service accounts and update kubeconfig stored in the Secret Manager.

[Rotate Gardener service account secrets using Cloud Run](/cmd/cloud-run/gardener-sa-rotate/README.md) - The Cloud Run
application creates a new key for a GCP service account, updates the required secret data, and deletes old versions of a
key. The function is triggered by a Pub/Sub message sent by a secret stored in Secret Manager.

[Rotate KMS secrets using Cloud Run](/cmd/cloud-run/kms-rotate/README.md) - The Cloud Run application decrypts and
encrypts files in a bucket with the latest version of a KMS key, and deletes old versions of a key. The function is
triggered by a HTTP POST request sent by a Cloud Scheduler.

[image-builder](/cmd/image-builder/README.md) - This tool serves as an intelligent wrapper

> for `kaniko-project/executor`. It reduces the complexity of building Docker images and removes the need of using Docker
> in Docker when building images in K8s infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for `kaniko-project/executor`. It reduces the complexity of building Docker images and removes the need to use Docker
in Docker when building images in Kubernetes infrastructure.
```

[Image Detector](/cmd/image-detector/README.md) - Image Detector is a tool for updating the security scanner config with
the list of images in the Prow cluster. To achieve that, it receives paths to files used to deploy Prow or its
components.

[image-syncer](/cmd/image-syncer/README.md) - image-syncer is used to copy container images from one registry to
another.

[Image URL Helper](/cmd/image-url-helper/README.md) - Image URL Helper is a tool that provides the following

> subcommands:

Reviewer: This description doesn't make sense or is incomplete.

[prowjobparser](/cmd/prowjobparser/README.md) - The prowjobparser is a helper tool which parses all Prow Jobs under the
provided path, matches them against the provided label filters, and prints matching Prow Job names to the standard
output.

[Rotate service account secrets](/cmd/cloud-run/rotate-service-account/README.md) - RotateServiceAccount creates a new
key for a GCP service account and updates the required secret data. It's triggered by a Pub/Sub message sent by a secret
stored in Secret Manager. It runs as a cloud run container.

> [Cleanup of service account secrets](/cmd/cloud-run/service-account-keys-cleaner/README.md) - The Cloud Run service

Reviewer: Throughout the documentation, the word 'secret' is used multiple times, and it's always spelled with lowercase 's'. Please remember to [capitalize 'Secret' whenever you refer to a Kubernetes resource](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/02-style-and-terminology.md#capitalization).
